OP-228 to document compatibility matrix (#65)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_admin/AdminManual.adoc

For the Open Hospital configuration refer to the chapter <<config-files,Configuration Files>>.

==== 3.1.1 Prerequisites - Software Compatibility matrix

> Before starting, checke the following software compatibility matrix, in order to verify the external software versions needed to run Open Hospital and the current available extended features for every version, architecture and Operating System.

Reviewer: Here "Operating System" is upper case; line 97 it is all lower case; I would pick the lower case version

Author: Agreed ! corrected

* Select *Detailed Configuration*
* Select *Server Machine*
* Select *Multifunctional Database*

> * Set a minimum of concurrent connection as twice the number of expected clients

Reviewer: Putting my editor's hat on, even better wording would be (IMHO):

Set the number of minimum concurrent connections to twice the number of expected clients

Author: Thank you David ! Please check _everything_ I'm proposing also regarding documentation update and feel free to give suggestions and provide corrections :-)
I will propose other possible improvements in the next days.

"Set the number of concurrent connections to twice the number of expected clients" is even shorter and clearer.

#bind-address               = 127.0.0.1
----

====== 3.1.3.3 MySQL Configuration - Performance

Improved performance in a production environment can be achieved by changing the following parameters in the MySQL config file, “my.cnf”:

----
#
# Performance optimization
#
skip-external-locking
key_buffer_size = 16M
thread_cache_size = 64
lower_case_table_names = 1
table_open_cache = 64
tmp_table_size = 16M
read_buffer_size = 256K
read_rnd_buffer_size = 512K
join_buffer_size = 2M
sort_buffer_size = 2M
myisam_sort_buffer_size = 8M
----

> ====== 3.1.3.4 Table name cases ([.underline]#before creating the DB#)

Reviewer: "Table name case" (not cases)

Author: Corrected (old bug I think) :-)

Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.00 sec)
----

> NOTE: Remember to set the updated database password also in the openhospital configuration files.

Reviewer: Should this be `Open Hospital` configuration files` instead of `openhospital configuration files`?  I find no other references to `openhospital configuration`.

Reviewer 2: Yep, I think it's old typo, thanks!

```suggestion
NOTE: Remember to set the updated database password also in the Open Hospital configuration files.
```

* *oh.sh* in the Linux version
* *oh.bat* in the Windows version

> No other configuration is needed. Additional options can be shown by executingi:

Reviewer: spelling:  executingi -> executing

Author: right :-)
